Plugin for cloud auto-join (#1556)
openbao/openbao: changelog/1556.txt

```release-note:feature

> storage/raft: auto-join is now a pluggable feature, allowing support for new environments with custom plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add **Auto Join plugins** for Raft to support discovery in arbitrary environments via custom external plugins. 
```

`feature` type release notes take a slightly different format.
